AI Usage Journal 
Serra Tak
stak@terpmail.umd.edu
Section 0303

Week 1 
This week, I used two AI tools, both for personal use and school
Notebooklm, and ChatGPT. with the purpose of assignments, study, and
to get an idea. 

In the personal aspect I had to create PE class
cirriculum ideas bulding an exel sheet to stay on track, and based
on the schedule, I requested a yearly equiment list from GPT.
couldn't say free version was that successful.

In the school aspect during the 326 discussion session, me and my
teams earched for a few ideas for our project. The first output
response was not very good, so I requested more. In the second
response, one of the ideas was something we had already discussed.
So we decided to search deeper into it to decide our final topic.
-since it's connected to my other/personal chat, unfortunately, I'm not able to share it-

Also, for my week 1 exercises, I used GPT as a personal assistant, or maybe like a 
tutor to help me understand what the requirements want from me. Sometimes 
(mostly), I sent my code to check if my code matches the correct answer, but I 
gave the condition to GPT to never give me the right code before I exactly asked 
it, or until I'm sending the right code. [ https://chatgpt.com/share/68c6658a-45e8-8008-a591-4cccd47683b0 ] The beginning and ending of the chat are 
totally different from the exercises; just ignore them, please. Anyway, I couldn't solve it, and I decided to ask the TA in the next class.

My last using of AI with nootbookLM. My assignment was to list 5 things that I 
learned from class during the week. I read all the essays, but I had to make sure 
I understood the concept correctly. So I uploaded a PDF and sent my ideas/thoughts/
takeaways based on the reading, and asked if this is really relevant, and checked 
my understanding, but when I checked right now, it's not showing our chat, only 
showing the first summary it created. That was my first time using it, and I 
didn't know that they were not storing all the chat. 

Finally, I'm using the Grammarly free version to fix my grammar and spelling. 
Since I'm writing fast, have dyslexia, and English is my second language, I can 
say Grammarly is my best friend.